[panting]
"Passenger" by Iggy Pop
- I am a passenger
- [grunting]
And I ride. and I ride
I ride through
the city's backsides
I see the stars
come out of the sky
Yeah. they're bright
in a hollow sky
You know it looks
so good tonight
[panting]
I am the passenger
I look through my window
so bright
I see the stars
come out tonight
I see the bright
and hollow sky
Over the city's
ripped-back sky
And everything looks good
tonight
[panting]
Singin' la-la. la-la.
la-la-la-la.
La-la. la-la. la-la-la-la
La-la. la-la.
la-la-la-la
[creaks]
[grunts]
[chicken clucking]
[pig snorting]
Oh. want to dance?
Want to dance?
[heavy breathing]
[exhales]
[floorboard creaks]
[woman]
It's on the floor.
Are you ready for tonight?
[sniffles]
Great.
If you say so.
It's real cold today.
You're the one
that picked this place.
[Dexter chuckles]
[slurps]
dramatic music
Home isn't my way
Home I'll never be
Burn out the day
Burn out the night
I can't see no reason...
[siren wailing]
I'm livin'
for givin' the devil
His due
And I'm burnin'.
I'm burnin'
I'm burnin' for you...
I'm burnin'. I'm burnin'.
I'm burnin'
[music stops]
[car door opens]
[sighs]
License and registration.
please.
Sure.
-There you go.
-Thank you.
James Lindsay. huh?
Jim.
Is there a problem. Officer?
I'm gonna need you to step out
of the vehicle. sir.
Okay.
[clears throat]
Turn around.
Hands on the truck.
[sniffles]
[both chuckle]
[Angela moans]
You have the right
to remain silent.
[Dexter] I can make noise
if I want to though. right?
- [laughs]
- [moaning passionately]
[radio crackles]
[Esther] Chief Bishop.
Chief Bishop. come in.
Oh. what the fuck. Keep going.
- Okay.
- Let them find someone else.
- Chief Bishop?
- [static crackling]
Angela.
Mrs. Gross' sheep got loose
on the Steiner property.
They're eating
his winter plantings.
- [Angela] Oh. fuck.
- [both laugh]
[panting]
I'm in the middle
of something. uh...
[stammers]
...can Logan take care of it?
Logan's at the church.
The pecan pies were stolen
from the potluck supper.
Obviously
can't pull him off that.
Uh-huh.
[chuckles]
Obviously. Um. what about Teddy?
It's week two. do you think
he can handle a sheep crisis?
Teddy's out of commission.
He just got
his wisdom teeth pulled.
- [Dexter chuckles]
- Should I let Mr. Steiner know
you're en route?
Sure. Esther.
This is me en route.
It's okay. You can pull me
over again some other time.
I'm sorry.
You can swing
by the station later.
Okay. sure thing.
"King of a One Horse Town"
by Dan Auerbach
Every day is just
a little white lie
Telling myself
I'm gettin' by
I just stay in this room
and cry
The snow.
it covers up the ground
And I can't hear
a single sound
I'd turn off the TV.
go for a drive
But I can't see
there's any signs of life
Except this Christmas tree
with blinking lights...
Hey. Jimmy. morning.
You coming line dancing tonight?
Yeah. I wouldn't miss it.
Pastor Brian.
Hey. I'm sorry about those pies.
Now how could you possibly
know about that already?
Uh... small town.
Thank the Good Lord.
Scared if I jump
in the ocean I might drown...
- Morning. Zach.
- Morning. Mr. Lindsay.
- Becca. Scott.
- Hi. Mr. Lindsay.
- Hey. Mr. Lindsay.
- [Zach] Hey. you coming
to the match next week?
I'm sure gonna try.
Go Hawks.
Sup. Jimbo?
How are you and Angela doing?
- Doing all right?
- Yeah. as far as I know.
Why? What have you heard?
Only good things. Jim.
Only good things.
- [laughs]
- [helicopter whirring]
Edward Olsen heading up
to his chalet.
Rich asshole season begins...
now.
Yep.
[indistinct chatter]
[blade thwacking]
[grunting]
suspenseful music
Hey. Gig.
You got my stuff.
There you go.
You're a lifesaver. Jimmy.
[door creaks]
[exhales]
gentle music
[entry bell jingles]
[exhales]
[Fred Jr.]
Please tell me you have
a strawberry cream cheese
sweet roll in there?
The boss speaketh
and so it shall be done...
- ...eth.
- [chuckles]
I don't know what I would
do without you. Jim.
- Well...
- Mmm!
Oh. it's so good.
Just so you know. it's going
to be a stress-y kind of week.
Brian and I are adopting.
It's so much pressure.
Wow. Yeah. I can only imagine.
Brian wants
to call him Garfield.
I mean. who names
a dog after a cat?
[chuckles]
Evidently Brian does.
I think this pup looks
more like a Gromit. don't you?
On this one. I think
I'm basically Switzerland.
Smart man.
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[inhales sharply]
And here we go.
Just the guy I want to see.
- Jim.
- How can I help you?
Oh. I just rolled into town
with my posse.
Gonna do a little hunting.
Gonna need a new knife
and a big-ass gun.
All right. you looking
for a skinning knife.
- or a--
- Oh. this one.
- This one's perfect.
- Okay.
Wow.
[grunting]
- Hey! Easy there!
- [laughing]
Is there a problem?
I-I kind of have
a thing about blood.
Oh. Ooh!
[laughs]
Anyway. uh.
how about that rifle?
The Remington 783
will do the job.
It's got a good scope.
solid construction.
You drop it a dozen times.
it'll still shoot straight.
Yeah. yeah. I hear you. man.
Here's the thing.
Uh. my friend Bill over there?
Yeah?
He's already got that one.
and I want a gun
that's going to make his
one look like a Super Soaker.
- Ah.
- So...
That one.
- I want that one.
- You sure? [stammers]
It's gonna set you back $9.000.
I got a nice Christmas bonus
at Morgan Stanley.
O... kay.
Ah...
[grunts] You know.
this is way more firepower
than anything you need
hunting around here.
Oh. yeah? What do you hunt?
Me? I don't anymore.
I haven't killed any animals
since... I was a teenager.
Look at you. Saint... uh. Jim.
Yeah. I'll take it.
Not a problem.
Just gonna need some ID
for the federal
background check.
Dude. really?
How long you been working here?
Mm. a couple years?
That's me. up on the wall.
I was on Fred Senior's Little
League team when I was six.
- Nice.
- [Bill] Yo. Matt!
- We need this stuff?
- No. no. I got a ton
of that in my dad's mud room.
Speaking of my dad.
he bought me my first rifle
in this very store
when I was ten.
- [computer beeps]
- [sighs]
What the actual fuck. man?
[Dexter] It happens sometimes.
It's just a 24-hour hold
while the FBI checks
on your record.
So... same time tomorrow?
Well. dude.
just sell me the gun.
[Dexter]
I got to follow procedure.
Neither of us want Fred
to lose his business. right?
Oh. yeah. Oh. okay. Eagle Scout.
- [scoffs]
- [Dexter laughs]
You know. you break a rule.
sometimes you might even
have a little fun.
[exhales slowly]
Oh. fuck it. whatever.
Means I get to start drinking
earlier.
Taking this though.
Okay.
- Got to keep your guard up dude!
- Whoa!
Damn it. Matt.
I almost shit myself.
So fucking...
[Matt] Come on.
let's get out of here.
Let's get our swerve on!
First round's on you.
Thanks for shopping
at Fred's Fish & Game.
Jim.
[door closes]
[inhales deeply]
low. somber music
[door opens]
Jim. I heard a red flag
came up on Matt Caldwell.
Seems like trouble
follows Caldwell the Lesser
wherever he goes.
There really are no secrets
in this town.
[gasps]
Ange is in a meeting.
[Angela speaking indistinctly]
[door opens]
Hey. Teddy. How you feeling?
- [mumbles] Been better.
- [door opens]
Jim. Jim. Jim. Jim. can you
give me a hand with these?
Evidence from
the Congregational church theft.
Keeping Iron Lake safe
one pie at a time.
- [chuckles]
- You're welcome very much.
Logan. you've known Matt
since forever.
What do you think
he could have done
to flag the FBI
on a gun background check?
He tried to buy a rifle
at Fred's.
I'm sure it's just a formality.
These pies smell amazing.
[Logan]
Matt Caldwell's a good guy.
Kicking some major ass
on Wall Street.
I mean. he likes to hang.
drink. gamble.
Fight or two in high school.
But. no. yeah. he's a good guy.
I bet it was
that boat crash out in Ohio.
No. No way.
Matt wasn't even driving.
- Five people died.
- [Teddy] Shit.
[Logan] Matt was in the hospital
for weeks.
Shattered femur.
major surgery.
That whole thing was just
a really tragic accident.
In fact.
I bet his record is spotless.
[keys clacking]
Okay. maybe a few spots.
Is there any progress
on putting up that stop sign
over by Louis's Package Store?
[inhales]
That's an accident
waiting to happen.
- That's all I'm saying.
- [door opens]
[Angela]
Thanks for your time. Dennis.
I will let you know
if anything else turns up.
Sure thing.
See ya. folks.
[exhales]
So. no good. huh?
The same as always.
No body. no pattern.
no case.
And no funding.
Until one of these women
turns up dead.
Hey. my money's on you.
Line dancing tonight?
What time?
- Oh.
- [Logan] Oh.
I thought it was more
of a-a group thing.
My bad. You two have fun.
See you tonight.
Bye.
lighthearted music
[car door opens. shuts]
[Angela]
Sorry.
Mad dash.
Thought you'd appreciate
seeing your girlfriend
in something other
than a state-issued uniform.
[chuckles]
- [sucks air through teeth]
- You look cute in that uniform.
Oh. That's why I like you.
Jim Lindsay.
[Blondie's "Heart of Glass"
playing]
Once I had a love
and it was a gas
[indistinct chatter. laughter]
Soon turned out
had a heart of glass
- Seemed like the real thing
- [Angela] Aw. Esther.
She never misses a chance to
break out that rhinestone skirt.
Mistrust. love's gone behind
I'm gonna get you that drink.
Hola. Ramón.
¿Cómo están Lydia y los niños?
Mi familia es genial.
Gracias a Dios.
- What's up. Jim?
- Hey. Ramon.
You're working
on a school night?
School has finals all week.
Ergo. I don't have
to grade anything.
So. picking up some extra shifts
before the holidays.
Got it.
Chivas. rocks. IPA.
And a veggie nachos?
Am I that predictable?
Want to shake it up?
- I got a pickleback special.
- [chuckles] No.
We're good.
Uh. just put it on my tab.
No need. Matt Caldwell's
buying everyone a round.
Yo! It's Jim! Jim!
Jim! Jim! Jim! Jim! Jim!
Jim! Jim! Jim! Jim!
[laughing]
Put it on my tab anyway.
Okay.
Chivas. rocks. IPA.
- Nachos.
- Yeah.
[exhales]
Chug. Give me
the fucking bottle.
[groans]
Last thing that guy needs
is more liquor.
Or more firepower.
You know the messed-up part?
FBI gets backed up and half
the flags clear automatically.
People fall through the cracks
all the time.
[laughing]
[Matt chattering loudly]
You're off the clock.
Let's not talk about work.
Let's dance.
Can't let Esther and Alan
show us up.
Lost inside
- Adorable illusion
- Ooh.
- Yeah. [chuckles]
- And I cannot hide
I'm the one you're using
Yeah.
[laughs]
[Angela laughing]
Cruising. yeah
[truck engine rumbling]
[brakes hiss]
[driver] Iron Lake's about
two miles that way. my man.
low. somber music
[brakes hiss]
[engine rumbling]
- In your mind
- [chuckles softly]
A secret waits inside
[whooping. laughing]
A place that you can't find
[Matt]
Jim!
Look at you.
getting all extracurricular
on a Tuesday night.
Now we're talkin'. [chuckles]
-Hey. Matt.
-I'm having a party tomorrow
at my dad's place.
You should come.
I'll. uh... see.
Great.
Hey. listen.
I was thinking.
Why don't we get out of here?
You could open up your shop.
give me that rifle.
My guys and I. we want
to go hunting in the morning.
If your background check clears.
you can come and pick it up
at the store in the morning.
[exhales]
I'm sure your buds
are gonna be really impressed
with the size of your gun.
[chuckling]
[laughs]
Man.
This Eagle Scout
loves his rules! [chuckles]
- Eh...
- You know what?
Why don't you come to the party
anyway?
You never know.
Maybe you'll even enjoy
yourself.
Find a way somehow
Girlfriend's a cop. huh?
Should probably come stag.
There's gonna be
a lot of red flags there.
if you know what I mean.
Release me to the night
Oh. oh
How much is a plain burger.
without cheese or anything?
$7.50.
What if I don't get fries?
Doesn't come with fries. honey.
Hey. Tess.
Put it on my tab. Fries. too.
Are you sure. ma'am?
I'm extra sure
if you don't call me "ma'am."
[chuckles softly]
You got it.
Thanks. Seriously.
You're not from around here.
Taking the first bus out
tomorrow.
Just got to make sure
I got the fare.
Just take this.
Just in case.
And if you need a place
to stay tonight.
Desiree over there.
she runs a shelter
just down the road.
I'm good.
But wow.
Thanks.
- [inhales]
- Who was that?
Lost kid.
My brand of community outreach.
Besides. who checks
my petty cash vouchers?
Mm. that'd be me.
That was kind of you.
[Matt and friends
laughing loudly]
Hey. you want to get out
of here?
You can pull me over
by the old Solly farm.
- Mmm.
- [phone chimes]
- [sighs]
- Uh. it's my smart doorbell.
Audrey's got
way too many kids over.
Oh. aren't you glad
they didn't have these things
when we were younger?
You better believe it.
Time to be a mom.
- Okay.
- [hisses] Even...
[grunts]
when you're off the clock.
you're on the clock.
Mmm.
[indistinct chatter]
- No. seriously.
- Uh. wait. wait. wait.
Uh... take that one!
[laughter]
[whispers]
All right.
[music playing faintly]
[train passing in distance]
- [inhales sharply] Mmm.
- [train whistle blowing]
low. ominous music
[panting]
[grunting. panting]
[raven cawing]
[panting]
Beautiful.
[exhales. panting]
- [sniffles. panting]
- [rustling]
low. ominous music
[breathing heavily]
- [sizzling]
- I have the feeling
I'm being watched.
And I have a feeling
you're letting this Matt prick
get to you. brother.
It's been almost ten years.
[sizzling]
Stick to your routine.
[inhales deeply. sighs]
You're right.
Routine. routine. routine.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
"Haunted When the Minutes
Drag" by Love and Rockets
The word that would
best describe this feeling
Would be "haunted"
I touch the clothes
you left behind
That still retain
your shape and lines
Still haunted
I trace the outline
of your eyes
We're in the mirror
hypnotized
I'm haunted
I find a solitary hair
Gone and still I reminisce
I'm haunted
Haunted by your soul
[Dexter]
All right.
I got you a couple options.
What do you think?
Orange.
The good stuff.
Oh. Hey. Jim. how much d--
[squeaking]
Lunch.
[exhales]
[squeaking]
[drumming]
[students]
Drilling is killing!
- [man] Louder!
- [drumming]
[students]
Save the planet!
- [drumming]
- Shame on you!
[drumming]
Save the planet!
Shame on you!
[drumming]
Drilling is killing!
- [drumming]
- Save the planet!
[drumming]
Shame on you!
Drilling is killing!
[drumming]
Save the planet!
Shame on you!
[drumming]
Drilling is killing!
- Save the planet!
- Wait. what is all this?
Everyone's favorite
petro-billionaire decided
to close down the Tavern
for his annual board meeting.
My tuna sandwich is in there.
- Poor baby.
- Save the planet!
[drumming]
- Audrey?
- [students] Shame on you!
Excuse me.
Don't you have a test today?
What good's math if people like
Edward Olsen destroy the planet?
Well. I know that someone isn't
getting their tuna sandwich
- anytime soon.
- Shame on you!
[drumming]
- Drilling is killing!
- [drumming]
- Shame on you!
- Thank you. everyone.
for waiting so patiently.
Sorry. my meeting ran long.
We brought you some.
uh. cocoa to warm you up.
Please. enjoy.
It's encouraging to see
young people with such gusto.
I mean that.
You keep fighting
for what you believe in. guys.
That's what makes this country
great. right?
[students]
Save the planet!
[drumming]
Shame on you!
Drilling is killing!
[drumming]
Save the planet!
Shame on you!
[drumming]
Drilling is killing!
Save the planet!
[drumming]
Shame on you!
Hey. Jim!
[footsteps approaching]
Matt Caldwell's been cleared.
He wants the gun dropped off
at his dad's lodge.
Should we really sell him
that gun?
Nine grand? Uh. yeah.
[chuckles softly]
It's called commerce.
I'm into it.
- Right.
- Plus.
Matt's dad's been
a real friend to us
for years. so...
I'm not comfortable
delivering the gun.
Can't you do it?
Brian and I
are picking up Garfield.
[inhales]
Yeah. I lost the name battle.
Happy husband. happy life.
- [chuckles]
- Jimmy.
I really need you
to deliver this gun.
[exhales]
[rap music playing in distance]
- [shuts off engine]
- [sighs]
Shit.
A big party.
- You know the drill
- And I'm-a drip. I'm-a spit
You know I got the toolie
on a 100-can bouill-ion
I don't even use the AC
[Bill]
No way.
He really made you bring
that thing here?
Man. that guy
always has to one-up me.
Text back. she all alone...
Bill. Uh. I was with Matt
at the store.
Right.
I just have some. uh.
paperwork for him.
Come on. Yo.
[grunts]
Actually.
I just need a signature.
Then I'm out of here.
[exhales]
I don't know why Matt throws
these things. [sniffs]
He always ends up holed up in.
uh. some bedroom anyways.
- [knocking]
- Yo. It's me.
- [woman moaning]
- Whoa.
Sorry.
My bad.
[moaning]
Uh. do you think maybe he could
just pop out for a minute or...
- Fuck this.
- [Matt moaning]
I need a straightener.
[Matt and woman laughing]
Come on. man. Get in here.
[Matt and woman moaning]
[breathing heavily]
- [sniffs]
- [Matt laughing]
[Matt moaning]
[Matt chuckling]
[woman moans]
- [woman laughing]
- [sniffs]
- [woman moaning]
- [sniffing]
- [Matt chuckling. panting]
- [woman panting]
Uh. no. I'm good. thanks.
- [woman moaning]
- [Matt grunting]
I brought her here.
You know that?
Of course she ends up with him.
- It's always the fucking same.
- [Matt laughing]
- Okay. [sighs]
- [sniffing]
- [Matt and woman panting]
You know what they call me?
Bill?
- Dickface.
- Oh.
- Because of the scar.
- Oh. yeah.
Looks like a dick.
You know who never gets laid?
Dickface.
Bingo.
You gonna finish this or what?
[Matt and woman moaning]
No. actually.
I think I'm just gonna...
I never should've gotten
on that fucking boat.
- You know the drill
You know the drill
low. ominous music
You talking about that accident?
I told Matt to stop.
What do you mean you told Matt?
He wasn't driving.
[Matt grunting]
Right.
That's right.
[sniffs]
[sniffing]
You know what?
Fuck it and fuck him.
I-I covered for him. man.
I lied at my trial so...
so that he could go free
and-and bang my girlfriends?
[scoffs]
I can't believe that I was...
[inhales]
[Matt and woman grunting]
That two grand a week
and-and a goddamn Rolex
was worth taking the fall.
And his fucking dad
had to sell two fucking trucks
to cover me
and those cops out in Ohio.
[chuckles]
Hope it was worth it!
Well. if Matt was driving.
why didn't he stop?
Because he was playing chicken.
Except Matt was wasted.
- He hated that guy.
- [Matt laughing]
Lost half a mil on some deal
because of him.
- [woman moaning]
- [Matt laughing]
You want to know the worst part?
Uh...
Not really.
The other guy gave up.
Turned the boat away.
Totally yielded.
And Matt just drove
right fucking into him anyway.
- [breathing heavily]
- [woman moans. laughs]
[yells]
- [crying]
- [Matt grunting]
[sniffles]
[inhales deeply]
- [woman moaning]
- [Matt grunting]
Hey.
Uh...
this all stays between us. huh?
See. I-I really need that two
grand a week. [chuckles softly]
You're looking at the guy
where secrets go to die.
[chuckles softly]
[rap music playing]
[shudders] What the fuck
are you doing to me?
I'm-a get it right now
[door opens]
Oh. God. Mr. Lindsay.
Please don't tell my dad.
I won't. Becca.
[exhales]
If you leave right now.
My man Jim!
[grunts]
You bring that gun? [exhales]
You want a hit?
No. thanks.
Uh... just need a signature.
Oh. come on.
Life is short. dude.
[inhaling deeply]
low. tense music
Uh. cash or check?
A check?
What is this. 1985?
Relax. I already Venmo'd Fred.
Ah. Okay.
Uh...
[exhales]
"The owner is prohibited
from operating the weapon
- while intoxicated--"
- Little late for that. [grunts]
Uh...
Mm.
Oh-ho!
[chuckles softly]
Oh. sweetheart.
At last...
[kiss]
...you are mine.
[exhales]
[laughing]
Oh!
[grunts]
[groans softly]
low. sinister music
You all right. Jim?
Jim?
[rap music playing]
Thanks for shopping
at Fred's Fish & Game.
[shuts off engine]
[sniffs]
low. ominous music
[rustling]
[breathing heavily]
What the hell are you doing?
A-Are you Dexter Morgan?
It's me.
Harrison.
[gasping softly]
- Harrison?
- [Deb] You can't.
Everyone close to you dies.
That's why we're here.
[exhales]
I don't know
who you're talking about.
W-- But...
but y-you look
just like I remember.
Just have one of those faces.
I guess.
[breathing heavily]
If you don't want me.
fucking say it.
[inhales]
Doakes.
[shudders]
LaGuerta.
Rita.
[shuddering]
[breathing heavily]
low. tense music
Me.
[shudders]
[breathing heavily]
Everyone.
[shuddering]
Sorry I'm not the guy
you're looking for.
[gulps. exhales]
But if-if you want to maybe try
the town shelter.
it's right on Main Street.
I know the owner. Desiree.
Just tell her Jim Lindsay
sent you and she'll take you in.
Whatever you decide.
I'm not gonna...
[chuckles]
...report you or anything.
[thud]
You seem like a good kid.
So...
- Um... [exhales]
- [rustling]
The next bus out of town
is. uh. tomorrow night.
It's 7:45.
I hope you find
whoever you're looking for.
[breathing heavily]
[opens door]
[creaking]
[wind blowing]
[closes door]
soft. gentle music
[inhales]
You did the right thing.
He'll be safer with Hannah.
[exhales]
[fire crackling]
[door closes]
- [inhales]
- [clink]
[rattling]
[jangling]
[grunts]
[exhales. sniffles]
[jangling]
[grunts]
[grunts. exhales]
[panting]
[exhales]
[gasps. panting]
[grunts. muffled shouting]
[shuddering]
[breathing heavily]
[Deb]
It's okay.
I'm glad I went first. Dexter.
I hate to see you like this.
If you had died first.
I would have been lost
in the world without you.
[exhales]
- You're a changed man.
- [breathing heavily]
Almost ten years without a kill.
[exhales]
And I love you for it.
[wind blowing]
[mumbling. panting]
[panting. grunting]
[breathing heavily]
"All Right" by Sigur Rós
I want him
To know
What I have done
I want him
Please. please. please.
please. please.
It's bad
[breathing heavily]
I want him
To know
What I have
Done
[deer snorting]
I want him
To know
Right now
[deer snorting]
[shuddering]
[breathing heavily]
Maybe
It's time
[shudders]
Tomorrow
Or maybe
[gunshot]
- [bellowing]
- [gasping]
[whimpering]
[Matt whoops]
- [laughs] Yes!
- [deer exhales]
Bagged me a white fucking buck!
You see that. man?! Holy shit.
I almost tagged you. dude.
[chuckling. panting]
[pants]
[chuckles]
Check this out.
You see what I did there.
uh. Jim?
[grunting]
[shuddering]
low. ominous music
[breathing heavily]
[exhales. inhales]
[inhales. exhales]
[sniffs]
[inhales sharply. deeply]
[Dexter]
It's been a long time.
[spits]
But if I'm gonna do this.
I need to do it right.
[sniffling]
First rule of the code...
[grunts]
- [panting]
- ...don't get caught.
[grunts softly]
[exhales sharply. inhales]
[panting]
[sniffles]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
bright. energetic music
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[inhales]
[exhales]
[breathing heavily]
Sorry about the mess.
I'm out of practice.
[inhales deeply]
[sighs]
[clinking]
[breathing heavily]
Uh...
[inhales]
Huh?
- [inhales deeply]
- [clanging]
What the fuck. dude?
[grunting]
What...
[grunts]
Hey.
Don't bother struggling.
I'm no Eagle Scout.
but I do know my knots.
What are you doing?
[inhales]
Let's talk about what you did.
[scoffs]
You mean the deer?
He didn't do anything wrong.
He was perfect.
He didn't deserve that.
But as bad as that was. that's
not the worst thing you've done.
You're fucking crazy. man.
Arguably. but not the point.
- Then what is?
- Tell me what you did!
[panting]
Own it.
Or?
- [ghoulish sounds]
- [gasps]
[chuckling]
[breathing heavily]
- Or I'll fucking kill you.
- What. you're just gonna
fucking execute me
or some shit like that?
- Wouldn't be the first time.
- You think you can get away
with that?
Again. not the first time.
Wait. you...
You're a serial killer?
I was.
But. you know what.
you're right.
Who are we fucking kidding?
It's not so much that I was.
[breathing heavily]
It's that I am.
[shudders]
Okay. ok-okay. okay. Um...
[inhales] This is
about the boat. right? Hmm?
Yeah. the part
where you were driving.
The part
where the other guy yielded.
where you rammed him anyway.
The part where five people died
- because of you!
- All right. all right! Huh.
I did everything you said
on the boat. okay? It's true.
I admit it. I was wrong.
I was wrong!
Just please.
- please--
- You shot my deer!
And you almost... killed... me!
I promise! I promise. I will
never do anything like it again.
I-I-I swear to you.
I promised the same thing
and look at me now.
Wait! Wait. wait. wait. wait!
You don't understand!
It's not my fault! [sobs]
It's not my fault!
[sobs] Okay?
My mom died when I was eight!
[sobs] My dad. he was never
around. He was always working!
I-I-I-I had-- I had
a sh-shitty childhood. okay?!
You're blaming this
on bad parenting?
It's true.
It's not my fault. okay?
I didn't have anyone.
I had-- I had nothing.
I had no compass.
I-I was just... [stammers]
You know. I lost both my parents
when I was young. too.
[panting]
I wouldn't have had
any direction
if it wasn't for Harry.
Who's Harry?
He adopted me.
Th-Then you understand.
You get it.
[panting]
So you're not gonna kill me!
We're past the point
of no return on that one.
[breathing heavily]
You know what?
Fuck you. man.
My dad...
[exhales]
he is gonna destroy you!
He knows everybody in this town.
They love him.
They would do anything for him.
And when he finds out
what you did to me.
he is gonna find you
and he is gonna rain down
a world of pain on you. man!
You have no idea
what you're doing! [panting]
Like you said...
[inhales sharply]
life is short...
dude.
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[breathing heavily]
[exhales]
[exhales. inhales]
[exhales sharply]
Tonight's the night.
pulsing. tense music
[breathing heavily]
Hello. Dexter Morgan.
[phone buzzing]
[shudders]
[inhales deeply]
- Hey. you.
- [Angela] I thought
you were coming
to the Christmas Tree Festival.
Fox got in the henhouse.
It's kind of a mess here.
- Oh. Sorry.
- [bell jingling]
Well... we'll miss you.
See you tomorrow?
You bet.
Can't wait.
[indistinct chatter]
So...
no Jim.
I'm sorry.
[inhales]
[Dexter]
I don't need trophies anymore.
I may be a monster.
but I'm an evolving monster.
God rest ye merry gentlemen
- Let nothing you dismay
- [breathing heavily]
Remember Christ
What to do with you?
- Was born on Christmas Day
- [inhales. exhales]
To save us all
Not exactly Miami Bay.
but it does have a hole in it.
- Gone astray. oh
- [saw buzzing]
Tidings of comfort and joy
Comfort and joy
Oh. tidings
Of comfort and joy
[Deb]
What the fuck are you doing?
Not listening to you.
- All you within
- [Deb sighs]
This place
And with true love
and brotherhood
Each other now embrace
This holy tide of Christmas
Doth bring
My life has always been...
truth-adjacent.
Of comfort and joy
But. starting now.
there will be one less lie.
Oh. tidings of comfort
And joy
[brakes hiss. squeak]
[engine shuts off]
[doors hiss open]
[woman]
That's nice.
- [woman 2] Got the tickets?
- [woman 3] Here.
- I got them.
- Yeah.
[man]
We make a stop in Albany. right?
[man 2]
Uh. yeah. yeah.
Yeah.
- Go ahead.
- [man] No. no.
gentle. somber music
I thought you might need this.
You know. after Miami...
[inhales]
...could never get used
to this damn cold.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
[inhales. exhales]
I thought you didn't know me.
[chuckles softly]
[inhales]
You were right.
[breathing heavily]
I'm Dexter Morgan.
Your father.
[breathing heavily]
Come home.
Please.
[shuts off engine]
[sniffs]
[Dexter]
My father protected me.
Taught me.
Kept me alive.
And that's exactly what
I'm going to do for my son.
low. ominous music
[door closes]
slow. somber music